(Yuya)
Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
Arc‐V"...
Poor Sora.
I know.
After all, it's not every
day someone gets injured
in a duel for real.
(Yuya)
And it's all Shay's fault.
(Gong)
So let Gong get
this straight.
Shay's sister is one of the
friends they're trying to save?
That's what Yuto told me.
Then that means they must think
Sora knows where she is.
For the last time...
Bring me Shay!
We both know that you're
no match for him.
Wrong‐‐ He could never
beat me twice in a row!
See, we're the ones who hunt
down you Xyz Summoners,
not the other way around!
Not happening.
I'm going to rescue Lulu,
and it starts right here!
Let's Duel!
Sora?
What in the world?
He looks just like me.
I Xyz Summon!
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
Take down
Frightfur Bear!
Mauling Mandible
Charge!
(screaming)
Sora!
I do not wish
to fight.
So if Sora
surrenders,
this can be settled without
any further suffering.
Now lay down your duel disk
and tell me what I want to know!
I won't let you hurt my friend
any more than you already have!
Which is why I'm
joining this duel!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Declan)
Things are becoming
quite interesting.
I wonder how Yuya
will fair against Yuto.
It's showtime!
And time to put you in your
place for messing with Sora!
'Cause now I'm part
of this duel!
(computer)
Battle royal
mode engaged.
Here goes!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monster's ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(growling)
(Yuya)
Whoa...
Never felt like this when I've
summoned Odd‐Eyes before.
(growling)
(shrieking)
(roaring)
(Claude)
The two dragons...
It looks like they're
speaking to each other.
(Yuya)
Odd‐Eyes, let's put
you to good use!
It's time for
you to charge in
and take out Dark
Rebellion Xyz Dragon
with all of your Pendulum
power and might!
Attack!
What's Yuya doing?
Both monsters have
2,500 attack points.
They both will
be destroyed.
True...
But Odd‐Eyes is
a Pendulum Monster.
It's sent to Yuya's extra deck
instead of the graveyard,
so Yuya can summon
it again later.
(roaring)
You never saw
this coming...
I activate the trap card
Phantom Fog Blade!
Now your Dragon's
attack is stopped!
And as long as this
blade is out,
Your Dragon can
no longer attack,
so Odd‐Eyes
is powerless!
(Declan)
Yuto had a trap that
could stop attacks?
Then that means
earlier in our duel,
he could've stopped my
Frightfur's attack!
(Declan)
Yuto didn't want
to stop Sora's attack
because he's willing to
take a small loss
for victory in the end.
You sneak!
You knew that
by taking the attack
you'd be able to summon
a better monster!
But it still doesn't explain why
you didn't use that Overlay Unit
to take me down
when you could've!
Unless...
You're holding yourself back
and toying around with me!
And there's no
greater insult than that!
You hear me?
(Yuya)
You might be taking
it easy but not me!
Here goes.
I activate Timegazer
Magician's Pendulum ability!
I'm rewinding time so
it's as if your trap
never activated
in the first place!
Infinity Gear Reverse!
All right!
I play a new trap!
Booby Trap E!
It mimics the effect
of my Phantom Fog Blade.
But that means...
Phantom Fog Blade is
totally back in action.
Right.
So it can stop your
Dragon's attack again.
And as long as it remains
on the field,
your Odd‐Eyes
can never attack.
In that case...
I end my turn.
End your turn?
Your completely
useless!
Hey!
If you really want to
help, stop trying to help!
What's up with you?
Why are you acting so
weird all of a sudden?
I wanna know...
You were acting the same
way when you dueled Shay.
Why're you being
so mean?
You gotta tell
me what's going on!
I'm your friend, be
honest with me.
Zuzu told me
about Shay's sister.
I think they think you
know where Lulu is.
(gasping)
What?
Zuzu said that?
That's right...
She said that she
heard it from Yuto.
You're Yuto, right?
So spill!
Is it all true?
(Yuya)
Is that what this
is all about?
It is.
Okay, then.
So why do you think Sora
is mixed up in all this?
What does he have to do with
you saving Shay's sister?
Why won't
you answer me?
Say something!
Ha!
I'll tell you why
he won't talk.
Because then he'd
have to admit out loud...
How he's part of
the losing team.
(chuckles)
Losing team?
They're toothless!
(crunching)
But if he won't
talk, I will...
When my people put
their foot down
and gained control
of the Xyz Dimension.
They all fled like rats
on a sinking ship.
Xyz Dimension?
Enough!
You know not of
what you speak, Sora.
We never fled our home!
We left so we could
fight another day!
Against those from
your Fusion Dimension!
There's a
Fusion Dimension?
And a Xyz Dimension?
And you're bouncing
between them?
Sorta but for this
guy and his pal
it was more like
running instead of bouncing.
Because they hightailed it
out of their dimension
when we came calling.
You really
attacked them.
That's right.
You should have seen them
when my crew and I
took the battle to them!
And in that battle
we were victorious
just like I'll be
in this duel!
You see...
It's my destiny
to conquer!
After all,
back at Duel Academy,
I was selected as top in my
class and since I was...
I was then chosen
for a special mission, too!
A mission I won't fail.
It's my turn!
I activate
my facedown card!
The trap Designer
Frightfur!
It lets me summon Edge Imp
Tomahawk from my graveyard
but I can treat it like it's
a Frightfur monster!
Next, I'll activate Edge Imp
Frightfuloid's special ability
from the graveyard!
So I can treat it like
it's a Frightfur monster, too!
And I'm fusing them
together...
By activating
Frightfur Fusion...
By fusing Edge Imp Tomahawk,
Edge Imp Frightfuloid
and Frightfur Bear.
I can Fusion Summon a
ferocious new Frightfur monster!
And now, Yuto, it's time
for you to witness
the reason why I was
selected top in my class...
Get ready to be floored, by the
most furious Fusion Monster
you've ever seen!
(crackling and beeping)
Huh?
Awww...
No!
You can't
take me away now!
Say what?
Quiet!
Hello?
Someone?
Anyone!
Just let me stay
'til I beat him!
Trust me,
I can do it!
Don't take me away!
Uh, Sora?
Yuto!
Where is he?
What did you do
to Sora?
Sora went back
to his dimension.
But not by choice.
It seems...
He was taken against
his will.
I find it quite intriguing
that it happened when it did...
Before Sora could
share too much.
Intriguing indeed.
Sora returned to
the Fusion Dimension.
His home.
His home?
Correct.
Just like me...
He comes from
another world.
Enough of this
nonsense!
There are no other
worlds out there!
There's just
this one.
So quit messing around
already and tell me the truth!
And whatever you do,
please don't just tell me
that you already have!
I have.
Aw, come on!
I said don't
tell me that!
Now for
the last time...
I want you to tell me
where my friend Sora is!
As I said.
He's home.
At Duel Academy.
Duel Academy?
Sora did
mention that...
Okay, tell me more about
this Duel Academy.
It's a school that teaches
its members to duel.
And not in
a good way.
They train duel
warriors there.
Duel warriors?
(shuttering)
(man)
Some students found Sora
unconscious on campus.
We had him
hospitalized immediately.
As for how he got there, we
analyzed his Duel Disk.
The failsafe activated.
He must have
revealed something.
So long as he did not
reveal everything.
I understand.
You will find out more by
running a full diagnostic
on his memories.
Make it so.
Yes, sir!
It will be done exactly as
you have commanded, Professor.
Enough talk.
Let's get back
to the battle...
After all, Yuya...
Even though Sora
is long gone.
We have a
duel to finish.
And finish it
I shall.
I activate the spell
Emergency Provisions.
For every spell or trap
card on my field
that I send
to the graveyard,
I gain an additional 1,000
life points.
And with that,
I end my turn.
Why do that?
By getting rid of those
traps you just tossed,
my Odd‐Eyes can
now attack you!
Very well.
So be it.
Forget it!
Game over!
Sorry, Yuto,
but, I can tell when someone's
about to let me win,
so if your heart's
not in this...
I'd rather stop
this duel right now.
But to be honest,
it seems to me that your
heart was never in this.
After all, you could've
beaten Sora earlier
if you used two Overlay
Units but you didn't.
It's almost like you didn't
really want to hurt Sora.
But why?
Simply put,
my people are not fond
of bringing harm to others.
I know that it's hard for
you to believe me...
But it's true.
Yuya, we are
the real victims here.
Our homeland was attacked by
the Fusion Warriors.
They created a war!
However, to fight...
Is not the nature
of my people.
We duel for
one reason:
For just the simple
joy of it all.
Well, that is...
Before we
were attacked.
I'll never forget...
It was a
beautiful day.
And all my people
were enjoying it.
Strolling along in the parks.
Laughing with
one another.
Dueling
their decks out.
But then, the clouds
turned dark...
It was them.
And they came with
orders to destroy.
They laid waste
to my city.
Destroying
everything in their path.
They were relentless
in their objective.
Merciless.
There was
nowhere to hide.
All we could
do was run.
And soon,
everything was gone.
All of our history,
all of our culture...
As for my people,
they captured them by trapping
their souls into cards.
(Shay)
My home.
My people.
They took it
all away.
Declan?
(Yuya)
No offense...
But that's a
crazy story.
Like something from
a sci‐fi movie!
I wish that
it were.
That it
wasn't true..
But I was there.
I saw it
happen.
And there is more fighting
happening right now Yuya.
Much more.
For you see,
there are more places
beyond your world.
Like, more
dimensions, you mean?
Wait a second.
There's Fusion
and Xyz...
Are there
other dimensions?
Yes.
There's a Synchro
Dimension, too.
And it has
its own warriors.
Believe me, Yuya.
I know that this must all
come as quite a shock...
But, the truth
often is shocking.
What about here?
I mean, how does this world
factor into everything?
Well, this world...
Has come to be known simply
as the Standard Dimension.
The Standard Dimension?
Yes.
It's the core that all the other
dimensions revolve around.
(man)
Are you sure
this is necessary?
(man)
Quite sure.
I have orders from the Professor
himself to find out all we can
about what little
Sora learned...
We should have
our answers soon.
(Yuya)
So let me get this straight
there are four dimensions:
Fusion, Xyz,
Synchro and Standard,
and they're all
fighting each other?
But why?
Why would the dimensions
all want to do this?
One man:
Leo Akaba.
Look, you're throwing a lot of
crazy information my way.
Dimensions
fighting dimensions.
I can't believe people are
dueling to destroy.
This doesn't
seem real.
It can't be.
Dueling is supposed
to be fun.
It's supposed to
make everyone happy!
It's the ultimate form
of entertainment!
At least, that's
what I was taught...
By my Dad.
I'll never forget
what he said to me...
He said that dueling
wasn't about taking.
It was about
giving.
Giving your best.
Giving the crowd
what they wanted.
And the more I watched him, the
more I understood what he meant,
which is why today, I'm doing
my best to be just like him,
and I'm gonna get
there, too!
Ladies, gentlemen,
duelists of all ages!
As you can see, there are no
cards left on my field,
and I have no cards
in my hand, either!
That means that everything is
riding on this very next draw
and if that's
not dueltainment,
well then, I guess
don't know what is.
Draw!
All right!
Both these guys are playing
out of their minds!
What in the world?
So pretty...
What a show!
(crowd)
Yeah, Yuya!
(Yuya)
I believe that dueling can make
this world a better place!
So to hear that it's being used
by some in a way to hurt others?
That's wrong!
Yuya...
(Yuya)
What is that?
(Claude)
What happened?
Where's the feed?
I don't
know, sir.
It's gone!
All our cameras in
the area have shorted out!
Fix it now!
It's you.
Whoa...
Hold on...
You're who I've been
searching for!
For a long time, too!
Uh...
Would someone mind telling me
why there's now another guy
who looks just
like me?
'Cause this is starting to
get really strange here...